So again in this topology we need to configure BGP on Route 1.
Yes write a 1 IP addresses configured on Route 1 or 10 dot wondered 1 2 5 4 on gigabit 0 slash 0 slash
0.
And we have this loop back address configured in global configuration mode.
We need to configure a DHB excluded range so IP DCP excluded address range tend not one tenth of 1 to
10 to 1 to 10 10 that completes the exclusion of the first 10 IP addresses for VLAN 10.
I need to do something similar for VLAN 20 and now we can create a DHB pools the first pull is going
to be called a VLAN 10 the network is gonna be tendered one and tendered 0 with a slash 24 mask.
The default router is going to be the switch.
Now we need to know what the IP address is of the switch on the switch.
Show IP interface brief scrolling down we can see that on VLAN 10 this is the IP address of the switch.
And this is the IP address on VLAN 20.
So we need to configure the switch as the default gateway so that would be tendered one to 10 dot 1
again.
Per this IP address configured on VLAN 10 on the switch we told that the DNS server needs to be the
router so DNS server tendered one to 10 to 5 for a gain to show IP interface brief shows us that this
is the IP address of the router.
So I've done that wrong that needs to be tendered one not one not two five four.
So let's look at our configuration.
There's the first DCP pull network looks correct.
Default gateway is the switch DNS server is the router in your exam use show run.
If the command is supported in your simulations to check your work make sure you haven't made a mistake
like I did.
The next DHB poll that we need to configure is V Line 20.
If the network care will be tendered one to 22 0 default broader will be tendered one not twenty one.
Again we can see that on the switch by using the show IP interface brief command or show run.
Scroll down and we can see the IP address on VLAN 20 DNS server tendered wondered 1 to 2 5 4 which is
the right to once again show run allows us to check our configuration that looks good.
Let's make sure that we can ping the switch which has IP address 10 1 1 1 on V land 1 ping succeeds
again on the switch.
There's the IP address on V land 1 or show IP interface brief would allow us to see the IP address on
V land 1.
If you're not sure about that.
Have a look at your lab topology.
You could either use shows to be neighbors to confirm whether things are working right.
In this example CTP wasn't enabled.
In the exam you may not be able to do that.
So have a look at your topology.
Have a look at the running configuration we can see here that that interface hasn't got V'landys configured
so it belongs to villain 1.
Or we could use this command show interface gigabit 1 0 1 switch port to see which v lan this interface
belongs to.
You can see it belongs to v land 1 shows to be neighbor.
Hopefully at some point will show us a neighbor relationship.
We can see on the road as an example that the switch is connected via gigabit.
1 0 1 to the router on gigabit 0 slash 0 slash 0.
So we've confirmed the cabling and we can ping the switch now we've configured DHB on the router but
the rod is separated by a layer 3 switch.
We need to do some configuration on the switch to allow DCP request messages to be forwarded to the
router.
So now we need to do some configuration on the switch to enable that.
So don't forget that in some of these labs you have to do configuration on multiple devices.